Verilog-chisel side by side (#2323)
chipsalliance/chisel3: docs/src/cookbooks/cookbook.md

  * [How can I dynamically set/parametrize the name of a module?](#how-can-i-dynamically-setparametrize-the-name-of-a-module)
* Directionality
  * [How do I strip directions from a bidirectional Bundle (or other Data)?](#how-do-i-strip-directions-from-a-bidirectional-bundle-or-other-data)
* Verilog to Chisel

>   * [How do I write Verilog codes in chisel?](https://github.com/chipsalliance/chisel3/blob/067cd86710e46568f69b4486617b65b8b01197cf/docs/src/cookbooks/two-side-column.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Side-By-Side Comparison for those who Know Verilog](https://github.com/chipsalliance/chisel3/blob/067cd86710e46568f69b4486617b65b8b01197cf/docs/src/cookbooks/two-side-column.md
```

>     https://github.com/Shorla/chisel3/blob/067cd86710e46568f69b4486617b65b8b01197cf/docs/src/cookbooks/two-side-column.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (two-side-column)
```
Does this shorter link not work?

  * [How can I dynamically set/parametrize the name of a module?](#how-can-i-dynamically-setparametrize-the-name-of-a-module)
* Directionality
  * [How do I strip directions from a bidirectional Bundle (or other Data)?](#how-do-i-strip-directions-from-a-bidirectional-bundle-or-other-data)

> * ilog to Chisel
>   * [How do I write Verilog codes in chisel?](two-side-column)
> ## Type ConversionsVer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Side-by-Side Comparison of Verilog to Chisel](two-side-column)
  
## Type Conversions
```
